---
title: Business Logic
description: Diagrams and Documentation for Specific Workflows in the System
---
# Business Logic

Below you will find diagrams and technical documentation related to specific parts of the RR workflow.   Ideally these will take away the black box effect the code has and business analysis and scoping can be more specific and detailed.

## Coordinators

Coordinators are specified in the following places for a Production:

* **Primary Service Coordinator**
  * Required to be present or the Coordinator drop down in the "Housing" stay tab will be unpopulated and unusable.
  * Set in the Production Association record
    * Production Coordinators Record Type
    * User__c field populated with User
    * Status is 'Associated'
    * Team_Roles__c is Primary (Service) Coordinator

* **Backend Coordinator (Front-End on Stay)**
  * Refers specifically to the Housing__c object with field Back_End_Coordinator__c
    * The "Hotel Housing" record for the stay is where this is set.  Also IR and Corporate Housing
  * Set by Users when required
  * Setting the field automates the following:
    * Assignment of traces where applicable (see documentation for which traces)

* **Primary Contracts Coordinator**
  * Required to be present or the Contracting Coordinator drop down in the "Contracting" tab will be unpopulated and unusable.
  * Set in the Production Association record
    * Production Coordinators Record Type
    * User__c field populated with User
    * Status is 'Associated'
    * Team_Roles__c is Primary Contract Coordinator


## Coordinator Emails
The Coordinator emails refer to the outbound emails generated by the system for Workflow events like sending Bids, sending Options, and any emails out to the client.  These emails are client-facing and require the RR Coordinator who the communication is coming from to be correct and conditional based on if a back end coordinator is set.

When the emails are sent out to the client we have the ability to set the following data points which will be driven by the type of Email:
* Sender Name
* Sender Address*
* Reply-To

The User record in the Production Association will be used to decide which values we will set,  and we do a conditional check of which Email it is, and who should be used.  
### Google Sheet - Coordinator Emails

[source:: Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1m7NEQbR1owxA6sHduShftgWmiCckVG9NeXAPgY6b4CE/edit#gid=747020528)

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSw0MMoS0p_i5Xgcr_-2NFCm1-wbYmLtfWV3gStwgQEOYUyLmBgRHVQVMODNAJUtH6gwIQ8l1b5_3a5/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false" height="700" width="90%"></iframe>
